docs/Acceptable-Formulae: specify the list of supported platforms (#12444)
Homebrew/brew: docs/Acceptable-Formulae.md

additional [Interesting Taps and Forks](Interesting-Taps-and-Forks.md) and anyone can start their
own!

### Supported platforms in `homebrew/core`

> The formula needs to build and run on the latest 3 supported macOS Versions (Intel and ARM), and on 64-bit Intel Linux.

Reviewer: Could consider linking to install docs so people know what these macOS versions are.
```suggestion
The formula needs to build and run on the latest 3 supported macOS versions (x86_64 and Apple Silicon/ARM), and on x86_64 Linux.
```
